The vigir_ocs_video_record_widget package consists of a gui and a headless script that can be used to record up to 4 video sources at one time using a script framework. Currently the video recording scripts are limited to firewire cameras but the software could in theory extended to any camera. If you desire to use the firewire support, the user will need to replace the camera guid values that are hard coded into the scripts. The software also depends on playdv, plugreport, and dvgrab to function properly with the firewire scripts. Essentially all the gui or headless script does is create experiments based on either direct user input ( the gui) or a vigir_ocs_msgs/OCSLogging message on /vigir_logging.This package is meant to be used in conjunction with the vigir_ocs_logging_widget but still can be standalone with the advantage of providing local playback as well as optional ustream broadcasting.

The vigir_ocs_logging package consists of a gui and headless script that act as a wrapper and controller around rosbag. The gui is a controller of sorts that creates experiments and issues start commands in the form of a vigir_ocs_msgs/OCSLogging msg on the /vigir_logging topic. It displays feedback of which loggers it has heard back from and the logging state of them all. It interacts with both the headless script and the vigir_ocs_video_record_widget. The headless script is essentially a wrapper for rosbag recording a configured set of topics to a configurable directory splitting the bags up in 5 minute increments. 

Any questions about these packages or how they work should be directed to benjamin.waxler@gmail.com
